Podcast
Listen to these Zero Knowledge Podcasts about
zkML
    Listened! Some of the best applications of ZK can be anti-catphising, dating applications, attested sensors, privacy 
    on the company and consumer level, . Use ZKP to compress computation, split computation into separate proofs (ZK and ML).
    Computation is a the biggest hurdle. Isolate private computation into user device and push public computation onto server.
    Commit to hidden info, then must de-commit info. Hashing has major performance hit in ZK. 175billion weights in GPT3.
    Linear Algebra and linearity computation in ML, ZK algos have trouble doing both well. Usually can only do 1 well at a time.


On chain AI
    Listened! This are very informative :D. Ritual: AI coprocessor, wooooooow! Rituals approach to build many different classes of
    nodes for executing different applications on the network is interesting! Pricing is a huge challenge for them. Ritual offers
    many types of proof options (ZKPs, OPs[optimistic proof], post to Ethereum) for onchain integrity (Proof Marketplace). They want
    ppL to use their infra to build proofs on/offchain. Trust assumptions matter in terms of maximum sized AI parameters available. 
    They made 100-200k params for ZKP and much larger for OP. Can run any AI model on Ritual. 2 core production atm: Infranet 
    (oracle for proofs can be deployed to any EVM compatible chain) and Ritual blockchain (WIP). 

    Few options currently in Infranet: Halo2, EZKL, OP, and no proof. 

    Quote: "Crypto is focused on worst case scenario and AI is focused on average scenario"
    Quote: "Only pay for how much security you need"

EZKL
Try another example from the EZKL repo using
Google Colab.
https://colab.research.google.com/github/zkonduit/ezkl/blob/main/examples/notebooks/mnist_classifier.ipynb#scrollTo=Fm2DMmXW0rZ0
This is a great example applications for ZK. 

ML Resources
If you are new to machine learning, this guide will
be helpful.
    I read the guide. This is a good refresher and I learned some new details. 
This article gives an introduction to Large Language Models
    I took a course previously on LLMs but I still appreciate relearning. Went thru this. 
(Optional)
Here is a more in depth article about ML
    Check the homework file for the link. Very good read!